{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AndaleMono;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green255\blue18;\red180\green36\blue25;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20140\viewh12920\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Guide step-by-step instructions for new GitHub users \

\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f1\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc0 1 visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/lydiatgit/rtQC-playground"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/rtQC-group/rtQC}}\
\
2. press fork on the top right of your screen. Choose to fork on your personal account e.g. @YourGithubUsername\
\
3. Go to your repositories e.g. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/Metasoliton?tab=repositories"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/YourGithubUsername?tab=repositories}} and click on the rtQC repository. Copy the URL.\
\
4. Open a terminal on a Linux or Mac computer. Choose a location on your local drive to store the project. Think carefully and pick a good location you don\'92t have to change later. Create a folder called Development. Navigate inside that folder, e.g. cd /Users/You/Documents/rtQC_collaboration/Development\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \CocoaLigature0 cd /Users/You/Documents/rtQC_collaboration/Development
\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \CocoaLigature1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
5. git clone {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/Metasoliton/rtQC"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://github.com/User/rtQC}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \CocoaLigature0 git clone https://github.com/User/rtQC\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \CocoaLigature1 \
6. specify that this repository is to be sent back to the master repository that it was forked from, so that you can contribute your changes to the rtQC project\
(remote hub is defined as mastermaster)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \CocoaLigature0 cd rtQC\
git remote add mastermaster https://github.com/rtQC-group/rtQC\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \CocoaLigature1 \
This will prompt you for your Github username and password\
e.g.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \CocoaLigature0 Cruncher02:Development You$ git clone https://github.com/User/rtQC\
Cloning into 'rtQC'...\
Username for 'https://github.com': YourGithubYousername\
Password for 'https://User@github.com': YourGithubPassword  \
remote: Counting objects: 14, done.\
remote: Compressing objects: 100% (12/12), done.\
remote: Total 14 (delta 4), reused 12 (delta 2), pack-reused 0\
Unpacking objects: 100% (14/14), done.\
Cruncher02:Development You$ \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \CocoaLigature1 \
Now you have a local copy of the forked repository.\
\
7. Make any changes you wish for in the repository. Preferably add some new function according to the format and conventions specified here: link to Developer\'92s notes\
\
8. From a temrinal go inside the folder of the local copy of the repository e.g. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \CocoaLigature0 cd /Users/You/Documents/rtQC_collaboration/Development/rtQC\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \CocoaLigature1 \
9. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \CocoaLigature0 Cruncher02:rtQC You$ git status\
On branch master\
Your branch is up-to-date with 'origin/master'.\
Changes not staged for commit:\
  (use "git add <file>..." to update what will be committed)\
  (use "git checkout -- <file>..." to discard changes in working directory)\
\
	\cf3 modified:   README.rtf\cf2 \
\
no changes added to commit (use "git add" and/or "git commit -a")
\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
10. git commit -am \'93message describing the changes you made: e.g. edited the ReadMe.txt file\'94 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \CocoaLigature0 Cruncher02:rtQC You$ git commit -am "message describing the changes you made: e.g. edited the ReadMe.txt file" \
[master a198bc8] message describing the changes you made: e.g. edited the ReadMe.txt file\
 1 file changed, 4 insertions(+), 2 deletions(-)\
Cruncher02:rtQC You$ \

\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(note: -m specifies the message. -a stands for all. The alternative would be to specify only the filename of the file changed)\
\
11. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \CocoaLigature0 Cruncher02:rtQC You$ git push \
Username for 'https://github.com': User\
Password for 'https://User@github.com': \
Counting objects: 3, done.\
Delta compression using up to 8 threads.\
Compressing objects: 100% (3/3), done.\
Writing objects: 100% (3/3), 404 bytes | 0 bytes/s, done.\
Total 3 (delta 2), reused 0 (delta 0)\
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (2/2), completed with 2 local objects.\
To https://github.com/User/rtQC\
   52470b3..a198bc8  master -> master\
Cruncher02:rtQC You$ 
\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Now the local copies on your computer and on your github  are in synch\
\
12. Pull from master repository to your local in order to check for conflicts that may have occured due to changes from other programmers\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \CocoaLigature0 git pull mastermaster master
\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This will open a kind of editor mode where you can enter an additional message. \
press \'93:wq\'94 and then enter\
this will generate an automatic default message and copy any changes made by others to your local copy on your computer\
\
\
\
13. Push your most recent version to your local copy on github\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \CocoaLigature0 Cruncher02:rtQC You$ git push origin master\
Username for 'https://github.com': User\
Password for 'https://User@github.com': \
Counting objects: 62, done.\
Delta compression using up to 8 threads.\
Compressing objects: 100% (59/59), done.\
Writing objects: 100% (62/62), 582.07 KiB | 0 bytes/s, done.\
Total 62 (delta 22), reused 0 (delta 0)\
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (22/22), done.\
To https://github.com/User/rtQC\
   a198bc8..c7fa89e  master -> master\
Cruncher02:rtQC You$ 
\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
this will push your local version to your github repository \
note: your local computer repository is called \'93master\'94\
\'93origin\'94 is (the one you cloned from), in this case your github local repository \
This is important to keep track of things in the longrun.\
\
13. push your local version to the central repository it all started from\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \CocoaLigature0 git push mastermaster master
\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \CocoaLigature1 \
\
14. Wait for the changes to be approved\
\
\
\
\
}